Update README documentation links (#3773)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: README.md

## Getting Started

- Go to the [NVIDIA Infra Controller overview](docs/overview/what-is-nico.md) to get an overview of NICo architecture and capabilities.
- Or jump to the [Quick Start Guide](docs/getting-started/quick-start.md) to start setting up your site for NICo.

> - The [NICo web documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/infra-controller/documentation/home) is also available online.

Reviewer: Nobody wants to read 7 miles of markdown tables :)
```suggestion
- Or, go straight to the [Quick Start Guide](https://docs.nvidia.com/infra-controller/documentation/getting-started/quick-start-guide) to start setting up your site for NICo.
- The [NICo web documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/infra-controller/documentation/home) is available online.
```
